pay attention because they are seeing rumors again
that Agustín etién could have a
crisis with Olga Moreno And everything
would point to and I really tell you very
seriously that the couple is giving some
repercussions due to some disagreements they have
Agustín's birthday was
this January 7th therefore it was yesterday and
at the moment he has not been seen with Olga
Moreno nor is he expected to Agustín is in
Madrid and at the moment it seems that Olga is
in Seville Agustín has been celebrating
his birthday with friends it could
be that there is some work conflict
because Olga does not like to work in
anything that Agustín offers her and he would
not find anything that
suits her either In addition, you already know that they have a
certain conflict with the issue of living in
Madrid, living in Malaga or living in
Seville and what I do think we can
confirm is that they have not been seen
together neither on Christmas Eve nor on New Year's Eve nor
on Three Kings Day and now not even on her
birthday